Adding an AI clause to CONTRIBUTING (#24126)
FreeCAD/FreeCAD: CONTRIBUTING.md

    2. all commits MUST have proper authorship, i.e. be authored by the original author and committed by the author of the PR;
    3. if changes to cherry-picked commits are necessary they SHOULD be done as follow-up commits. If it is not possible to do so, then the modified commits MUST contain a `Co-Authored-By` trailer in their commit message.
14. A “Valid PR” is one which satisfies the above requirements.

> 15. Human-quality contributions are expected. Contributors MUST be able to explain the code they submit, and should be able to offer reasonable guarantee their PR does not violate copyrighted work. In other words, AI-made contributions SHALL NOT be accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15. Contributions must meet existing quality standards. Raw AI output is not accepted under any circumstances. AI may be used only as an assistive tool; in all cases, the resulting content must be reviewed, validated, and justifiable by the contributor. The contributor should be able to explain design and code decisions, answer reviewers’ questions, and ensure that AI use does not waste reviewers’ time during review.
16. The contributor provides reasonable assurance that the contribution does not infringe third-party copyrights or license terms.
```
I think it's more inclusive and explanatory this way. Also, the copyright-related parts should be separate, because they're not entirely about AI.

Reviewer 2: Well, it certainly is more explanatory, but fails to state what happens if the contributor is not able to judge generated design and code decisions.

Reviewer: During the meeting, a consensus was formed for the proposal here. However, of course, the debate can continue. @yorikvanhavre
